On the morning of July 29, 2021, ICBC Senior Executive Vice PresidentWang Jingwu presided over a special meeting, heard the report oncomprehensive risk management in the first half of the year, and studiedand arranged the work for the next step.
 
At the meeting, it was required that first, the Bank should strengthensituation judgment, organize comprehensive risk assessment, establishbottom-line thinking and make response plans.
 Second, the Bank shouldput the comprehensive risk management requirements in place.
 It shallpromote the implementation of comprehensive risk management requirementsin the four segments, and define the responsibilities of risk preventionand control entities in the first line of defense.
 The leading riskmanagement departments and business departments shall perform theirduties with due diligence and exert joint efforts to control variousrisks.
 Third, the Bank should consolidate the effect of risk preventionand control and maintain the stability of asset quality.
 It shouldproperly manage the "Three Ports and Seven Colors Pool," strengthen themonitoring, early warning, prevention and control of investment andfinancing risks across the Bank, and implement the new regulations oncredit approval.
 It should strengthen risk prevention and control ofmajor customers, provide forward-looking guidance to branches, and graspthe "entry" and "exit" of customers.
 It shall regulate the management ofnon-performing loans (NPL), improve the efficiency of handling thenon-performing assets, and strike a balance with the Bank's operatingobjectives and core indicators.
 Fourth, the Bank shall strengthenoperational risk and compliance management, and improve the NPLresponsibility appraisal and identification mechanism.
 Fifth, the Bankshould enhance the risk pre-judgment capacity.
 It should strengthenresearch and judgment on changes in the financial market, economicoperation at home and abroad, and changes in the industrial structure.
Sixth, the Bank should strengthen risk management in new business areas.
It shall improve the overall risk management guidelines, and incorporaterelevant businesses into the comprehensive risk management system.
 
Heads of the Risk Management Department, the Credit and InvestmentManagement Department, the Internal Control & Compliance Department, theFinance & Accounting Department, the Credit Approval Department, theAsset & Liability Management Department, the Legal Affairs Department,the Modern Finance Research Institute and the Financial TechnologyDepartment and the Security Department of the Head Office attended themeeting.
 
